docs: pre release 1.2.7 (#401)
emqx/emqx-operator: RELEASE.md

## Release Note 🍻

EMQX Operator 1.2.7 is released.

### Supported EMQX version

- EMQX 4.4.8 and later

- EMQX Enterprise 4.4.8 and later

### Fixes 🛠

> -  Fix service `emqx-ee-headless` is invaild: `spec.ports[0].nodePort`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix that adds nodePort to the ports of the headless service when `.spec.emqxTemplate.serviceTemplate.spec.type` is set to nodePort
```
